[
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 3.38,
        "end": 158.02,
        "text": "All right, here we are. Welcome everyone to the Editor Extensions Group Meeting for October 19th. I have missed the past two ones. I'm very happy to be back. And I added, okay, so I've made some changes to the agenda. There is now a read -only announcement section, which is the first item in that section describes that we now have this section. So the purpose is to share any announcements, things that don't actually require discussion, but you want to make sure people have seen. So yeah, so that's the thing now. Second point here, I added a group processes section to the handbook page. You can check it out. It's pretty light on content. This is intentional. I want to make sure that whatever process we have is because we need it, not just because we like process. So make sure to read it, especially the part about evolving the process, which is the meta section about how to add I also listed all the projects that we use recently in there so that we align where to create issues because there was some confusion also on my behalf recently. So it turns out we have like eight projects at least that we kind of often use. So that's, you know, confusion may arise easily. And yeah, just generally about processes, I just encourage everyone here to like just step up and proactively shape how we work. Like if you see like, I don't know, the way we're doing something is really inefficient or just should be done. But if it's not documented but isn't just like go for it. I don't want to be a gatekeeper here. Cool. I have a couple more announcements to run through. Next one is, remember, you can sign up to be able to host it on conference section at the next GitLab Summit. So there's a link there for that. Next one, we, yeah, we just FYI we've now at this point canceled all the project specific sync meetings. So this is a great step for async humanity. When I joined this team, I think that we had like five or six meetings basically in a week. So now it's just the one. Obviously, I think, yeah, pretty much all of you still will also see me in one on ones. But so you're not getting away with that just yet. But yeah, so and then we did this is too short. Now that is the only one we have, we can of course extend it in the future. Lastly, please make sure to lodge any PTO that you already know, like you have planned for the rest of the year in PTO by deal. That just helps me and other folks would like. I guess. Right. And also please link your PTO by deal to our team calendar. If you don't know how to do that. I have it written down somewhere. And I can share it later. I just don't remember where I wrote it. I think in some issue somewhere."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_05",
        "start": 159.56,
        "end": 162.22,
        "text": "Should we add that to the framework review list?"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 162.76,
        "end": 185.54,
        "text": "100%, we should. Yes. Absolutely. Cool. Cool. Amy, I would still be very happy if you could link your PTO to our calendar as well. I think you can link multiple ones there. So that should not be a problem. Yeah. Cool. All right. We can move on to the discussion now. The first item was or is from Aaron."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_05",
        "start": 188.68,
        "end": 255.22,
        "text": "Yeah, absolutely. So yeah, this is just confirming that my borrow request is sort of coming to an end. And hopefully I can finish up everything by tomorrow afternoon. But yeah, I'm still obviously going to be on board and involved as a VS Code maintainer for the WebID and for VS Code extension, as well as the maintainer for the NeoVim extension. And hopefully I can get involved with the language server too because I'm still super interested there. So, but yeah, for sort of integration test stuff, I expect to have that all wrapped up today where I actually have sort of like the positive and negative path tests where I'm going to be able to do a lot of stuff where I'm using the token to go and get code suggestions within NeoVim, grab it, et cetera, all the sort of standard stuff and then testing out telemetry using Snowplow Micro as a service instead of GitLab CI. And what I would like to do as an extension of that is replace my language server MR that I had sort of standing for a while using the integration testing and have the language server invoked the NeoVim test suite whenever there's language server changes. So hopefully get that wrapped up tomorrow as well."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 257.4,
        "end": 303.16,
        "text": "So yeah, I think that's pretty much it. Yeah, thank you for that. And so if anyone's curious about the details, some more, the issue I linked here is the sort of meta tracker issue just because I didn't want to create an epic for that. It didn't make much sense. So it's just an issue that kind of lifts everything that we've agreed would make sense to finish up before Aaron would go back to his original team. Yeah, so I mean, maybe this is a good moment to say that Aaron, thank you so much for everything you've done for the team. I think you are still, you will be for a while the NeoVim guy. I think you are still, So I think we will easily, although I know that Thomas kind of has his eyes on the extension a little bit as a NeoVim user himself maybe, but also pretty busy with something else currently. So yeah, it's been really cool to have you work on this stuff. So thank you so much for that."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_05",
        "start": 304.06,
        "end": 308.36,
        "text": "Thanks. It's been a great working with all y 'all as well. And I will continue being in touch."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 309.0,
        "end": 386.98,
        "text": "For sure. Relating note, I bumped this next item up because it's kind of a similar topic. So just to make sure that you guys know I'm just confirming that Mike's bar will also end soon now that John is in good shape to contribute to the team. So we were discussing this on Slack as well. There are a couple of issues that he's still assigned to that he will kind of wrap up. I can't remember from the top of my head something about proxy support, something about also kind of testing. So yeah, but that means shortly there'll be yet another person that isn't a longer part of the team, unfortunately. So yeah, I think that's it. I don't remember if it has been communicated in this team meeting or not, but might as well say now as well. Ali, on the other hand, we have extended his contract with us till the end of February next year, which is pretty much an eternity from now. I might as well just call you a permanent... I feel like I'm just calling you our permanent borrower at this stage, Ali. The team much longer than I have, certainly. So yeah, just a quick heads up. And Lena, we also discussed... Lena's borrow. This morning, right now, the target end date for her is the end of the current milestone, which is in four -ish, I guess, three, four -ish weeks from now. Yeah."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_03",
        "start": 388.64,
        "end": 392.04,
        "text": "All right. Yeah,"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 392.1,
        "end": 394.38,
        "text": "next point, Thomas, is yours, I think."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_01",
        "start": 395.7,
        "end": 424.86,
        "text": "Yeah, just on Aaron's point still. First, Aaron, it's amazing, the test suite that you are creating, you were showing it to me on a call, and I'm like, oh, that's great. I love it. I wanted to ask you if you would be so kind. We have a generic issue for creating end -to -end tests for the language server, and the issue description is just very brief. If you would put there your ideas before you go, so we have some scaffolding for what we need to do."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_05",
        "start": 426.4,
        "end": 461.22,
        "text": "Yeah, absolutely. And I'll definitely be sure to CC Mike as well, because there's some integration testing that gets a far way into it. I think I even seen John mention it, a comment recently around that area as well, where we can sort of, we should be able to do a lot of the same stuff and sort of end -to -end, rather than just integrating testing the telemetry on the VS Code side as well. But yeah, certainly there's a bunch of issues. Francois and I went ahead on Monday when we had our sync and created some issues around. So I think I'll just link those issues to look out for documentation."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_01",
        "start": 462.66,
        "end": 624.52,
        "text": "Great, thank you. My update is very short. It's about integrating a language server into workflow, which is how I call the VS Code extension. I'm not sure whether like you would prefer to always put the platform and then extension when we are as a team talking about extensions. I just find workflow shorter, but I don't want to be like elitist and say like, oh, my extension is going to be called different than everyone else's extension. I meant not mine, but the one that I work on. So if you would prefer the VS Code extension, just let me know. So where am I at? Now there is the prototype that Marshall created and it's now with three merge requests or two merge requests that are linked in the status update, or it works okay with the suggestion showing in the normal completion menu where you would, I don't know, you write some JavaScript and you press dot, and you see the suggestion there, but there is another. Oh yeah, I remember, the tool has to be made simple. hundred other options that you could choose. So that's not still usable. The next thing that I'm going to work on is use the new API to provide it as an inline suggestion. That's again, something that Marshall created a prototype of. And I'll need to do a few changes and refactorings to the language server project. Today, I was looking at testing it, but it might be a little bit too big of a bite for me to do as a part of this sprinting towards having inline completion at least somehow available in the VS code. So I'll try to write some unit tests. But like my ideal scenario would be end to end tests, or at least integration tests that are testing that we are firing the right events for telemetry, which is important, but I won't be able to do that. So few refactorings for language server, one additional commit for the VS code extension. And that will be it for the inline completion showing. After that, there is going to be a few more issues about three to make it work that we can remove the feature flag and make the language server experience the default experience. So that's going to take longer than but by the end of next week, I'll I think we'll have working version behind feature flag. After that, I'll work on the rest. And that's for my update. And the next question I was just asking, I'm wondering if you could share with us a little bit about know that you've been working on this for a while now, but if working on now for us, since Kai's not here, if you could walk us through very quickly, what we are going to work on, because I'm still a little bit focusing, I have a tunnel vision on the VS code extension, and I would like to know what's happening elsewhere as well."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 624.88,
        "end": 938.12,
        "text": "Yeah, that's fair. Yeah, I'll do that. I don't know if it'll be very quick, but we'll see. Yeah, I think Kai will walk you through the planning issue, which I made some more edits to it. I think Kai will also potentially edit it a little bit more today as such tomorrow. So but by the end of the week should be pretty stable. But let me just share my screen here for a sec. I think this one. I think so. Yeah. Okay. Cool. So yeah, this is our 16 six planning issue. Yeah, it just started with saying the other thing, we're the only thing we're really doing. Oh, and we're taking down ,する this, and then we're talking about maybe defining this over here. because I don't think it's or not happening at all. What's working for us right now, is doing indistinguishables within the degree of list out. He R consolida. it. the language server would be nice i don't know projects components they're all bad so i don't know anyway the five things so for vs code integrating the language server in this code is the main goal right so the first one here is this is the effect that thomas is working on second one is thing that tristan is working on which is like porting over logic changes that were made in vs code that are not in the language server um then in terms of language server itself we have some telemetry improvements still listed up here this is what lena is working on for jet brains there are a couple things here so there's some of the events and important ones actually are not available yet in jet brains because we need a to wait for a future version of the ide that would support them but there's some what we could do ahead of that i potentially should validate that like test the compatibility because there these are now in early access review or whatever the p stands for um and also telemetry fixes there there i think i listed one here but there might be some more i'm not sure anymore um telemetry is kind of like a recurring topic everywhere to be honest um new of him we just discussed it so essentially wrapping up the the three themes here are like testing documentation telemetry so i just think the the tracker issue there for visual studio we have a couple issues that are around like kind of addressing user feedback or like adding some some functionality that was missing before and telemetry fixes also like we have this weird which is discussing this with john before that like the the ratio of of if some some of the events is really off actually which could point to either an issue in the visual studio extension itself or worse slash best it kind of depends on your mood the issue could be in the language server also um this would be a good thing because that means if we fix it there then we fix it everywhere it could also be a bad thing because that means once we integrate the language over in vs code pedometry would be uh wildly Making pictures today again I'm gonna be using ouroured off and that would be a also a bigger deal so anyway um kind of telemetry telemetry telemetry telemetry telemetry more telemetry and then also other things that are not telemetry uh is what we're doing um and then i listed some i put this down as stretch goals here um so this is the kind of stuff that we would be doing if we weren't doing so much telemetry stuff um so basically improving the acceptance rate which can be done in many ways um which some of it is this came up recently uh improving the quote -unquote fit of the suggested code for example like when you get code returned like to just make sure to format it you know in the extension before you present it um or i don't know there are a couple other things in there some other things about reducing the number of requests we make the onboarding flow and then some something that's specific to ps code is about the auth the auth flow um and some of the problems that we have there so yeah and i put this as as stretch because i feel like what we have on top here is actually keeping us busy quite a bit already so it's kind of those would be the next thing we'll be doing when we have like when we see that like what's on top there starts to to be less uh keeping us busy essentially uh yeah so that's that's sort of that's the overall idea and by the way like it's very much the case right now i think that probably everyone on the team is kind of experiencing tunnel vision where like it is like people are sort of you know working on the one extension or maybe on the language server or something and it's kind of like it's like that and i don't want it to remain like this in the future for too long either because i think uh as a team it'll be uh it'll be much better for us as a team to work more collaboratively across these um but i just just because of the current sort of sort of rush or sprint i guess to to get to code suggestions ga this is sort of what is most efficient essentially but um yeah i think that's it, that's really it for me. but definitely not the way I would want us to operate for forever. Yeah. Any questions on this stuff? The goals, like do any, some of the stuff make no sense? Does it make sense?"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_02",
        "start": 940.86,
        "end": 968.78,
        "text": "I have a quick question about Jefferins. I think there's a trade -off we need to make where we're putting a certain amount of effort into the extension, but we know that the language servant integration is coming. So we kind of need to decide when we want to try and squeeze in that spike to figure out how feasible it is, especially since we recently have this project that we can reference from, I think it's Hugging Face."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 969.96,
        "end": 1007.64,
        "text": "Yeah. Yeah, that's a good point. Actually. I just noticed that issue camera was today or yesterday, but I think spiking the language server integration, I would actually put that, that also pretty high on the list there. Maybe that's something we need to discuss whether, yeah, which of those, maybe we'd rather spike that rather than spiking the 20, 23 .3 things some more. I'm not sure, honestly. Because I mean, as far as I'm, it's still the case though, that like, or is it that, that like, if we were to use the language server and JetBrains, we'd be only targeting premium JetBrains customers?"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_02",
        "start": 1008.4200000000001,
        "end": 1012.32,
        "text": "I'm not actually sure. I think that'll be part of the spike."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_03",
        "start": 1013.28,
        "end": 1022.12,
        "text": "Gotcha. Okay. Interesting. Then I"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 1022.12,
        "end": 1029.06,
        "text": "would actually include that spike in the current milestone, to be honest, if it isn't just, if it isn't yet, I'm not sure anymore. I have to look at the"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_03",
        "start": 1029.06,
        "end": 1029.64,
        "text": "board again, but"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 1029.64,
        "end": 1030.92,
        "text": "yeah."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_03",
        "start": 1035.36,
        "end": 1038.02,
        "text": "Anyway. Yeah. Let's follow up on that. Maybe I'll,"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 1038.02,
        "end": 1045.52,
        "text": "I'll, um, we can, we can ask, we can pin Kyle as well in his thoughts there, um, in, in the JetBrains Slack channel,"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_03",
        "start": 1045.64,
        "end": 1056.94,
        "text": "maybe. Sure. Sounds good. Uh, Amy, you had a, an next point, I think. Yeah. So step"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_04",
        "start": 1056.94,
        "end": 1057.48,
        "text": "one. So Amy,"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_01",
        "start": 1057.48,
        "end": 1091.5,
        "text": "before, before you go, I just wanted to, thanks Francois for the, for that was exactly what I was looking for. The telemetry, telemetry, telemetry explained it well. You were asking about the naming for five, I was asking for it. And so the options are power rangers because the original mighty morphing powernell rangers had read a black, blue, yellow, and pink ranges. Then the spice girls are famous five as well. Um, and Jackson five, that's pretty much all that could come up with."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 1092.82,
        "end": 1100.32,
        "text": "I want to know what it would look like if all the extensions were to combine in the giant power ranger, Mecca, but thing, what would I like the server"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_01",
        "start": 1100.32,
        "end": 1100.98,
        "text": "as a head"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_03",
        "start": 1100.98,
        "end": 1114.94,
        "text": "on top? Yeah. I bet AI will generate you a story about it. I need this visualized also. What is it? Mid journey or"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 1114.94,
        "end": 1116.9,
        "text": "whatever the, yeah, I"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_01",
        "start": 1116.9,
        "end": 1117.66,
        "text": "can, I can ask the"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 1117.66,
        "end": 1117.94,
        "text": "Dolly"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_01",
        "start": 1117.94,
        "end": 1122.2,
        "text": "three for it, but I'm not sure I'll be able to explain that. Well,"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_04",
        "start": 1123.22,
        "end": 1126.92,
        "text": "that's okay. It won't be able to draw it that well. So you're good."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_03",
        "start": 1127.7800000000002,
        "end": 1135.96,
        "text": "Yeah. Yeah. You good to us. Sorry. Yes,"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_01",
        "start": 1135.98,
        "end": 1136.3,
        "text": "I'm good."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_04",
        "start": 1136.64,
        "end": 1186.42,
        "text": "Okay. Um, so for me, I am determining the nature of the chaos. So I've got to read all the docs that you've all written so far and figure out what is the baseline for an extension for the docs? What, what do they need? And do they all have them? So trying to achieve parody first, and I won't know what my next step is until I've read through all of it and figure out what to do next. But as Tomas can attest, I'll eventually learn everything that's there. It'll just take me a few hours."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_01",
        "start": 1188.5,
        "end": 1193.9,
        "text": "I couldn't attest. Does that Amy's amazing technical writer. Thank you. Your bride is in the mail."
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_04",
        "start": 1196.8999999999999,
        "end": 1230.42,
        "text": "I've missed working with you. It's good to be back in the meantime. Especially for those of you who are looking to break free and go back to your previous teams. Think about brain dumps. Just get it down into a file. Doesn't. have to be clean or perfect just english and i can help you get it published from there let's let's try to extricate"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_03",
        "start": 1230.42,
        "end": 1238.7,
        "text": "you for real okay that's all i've got thanks"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 1238.7,
        "end": 1242.66,
        "text": "amy and good luck with all the reading um it's a lot"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_04",
        "start": 1244.98,
        "end": 1246.18,
        "text": "yeah i'm ready"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 1248.22,
        "end": 1259.04,
        "text": "awesome all right um we've arrived at the end of the written agenda is there a non -written or several non -written agenda points that people would like to"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_03",
        "start": 1259.04,
        "end": 1271.34,
        "text": "bring up for discussion embracing science a little bit no cool"
    },
    {
        "speaker": "SPEAKER_00",
        "start": 1271.34,
        "end": 1288.3,
        "text": "so we definitely didn't need all these weekly things multiple once per week i knew it i just knew it awesome uh cool well thank you everyone uh for your time as always um and yeah let's uh have a nice rest of your day and have a good weekend talk to you all later"
    }
]