[
  {
    "question asked": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_06",
      "text": "How should we automate the language server upgrades in the extensions?"
    },
    "answered": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_07",
      "text": "remember to do that and track it. I think for now, maybe that the boring solution of creating issues manually is okay."
    }
  },
  {
    "question asked": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_05",
      "text": "Are we doing any kind of like semantic commits right now or like semantic versioning?"
    },
    "answered": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_03",
      "text": "The doc should be in the invite. We're definitely not enforcing semantic. Okay. But I think we've been loosely following semantic versioning."
    }
  },
  {
    "question asked": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_06",
      "text": "is there something that you know would immediately break in your workflow with your MRs, your issues, if we were to not use those Milestones anymore?"
    },
    "answered": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_03",
      "text": "The biggest issue I see is alignment with features that are inevitably going to be released on like a fixed Milestone cadence. So I think about like aligning with the web IDE on OAuth authentication, right? Or like aligning with the changes to the code suggestions API, right? Those are going to be shipped in Milestones. So we're going to have to interface with that to some degree. I'm wondering if like, like I found the way that the language server like protocol itself is versioned to be convenient, where like they just ship out like whatever's on main as like a pre -release, right? And then, they just cut it whenever they're ready to cut a release. So like maybe we could just like be always shipping a pre -release version of the language server and maybe the extensions also. But then we actually cut the release along with everybody else on the fixed cadence. It's just a thought."
    }
  },
  {
    "question asked": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_06",
      "text": "sure about that?"
    },
    "answered": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_06",
      "text": "sure about that? Like when I look at these KPIs, like they're per month. Like at least last time I did look at them. Anyway, so maybe I'll need to have a closer look again. Or, yeah."
    }
  },
  {
    "question asked": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_04",
      "text": "Is it maybe worth reaching out to Lily? what would break?"
    },
    "answered": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_08",
      "text": "will ask her."
    }
  },
  {
    "question asked": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_03",
      "text": "You mean the... Are you a maintainer on the VS Code extension too?"
    },
    "answered": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_01",
      "text": "Not on the VS Code extension. I need to finish. I'm still like in the progress for that now."
    }
  },
  {
    "question asked": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_04",
      "text": "Do you know if they've cut a release?"
    },
    "answered": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_03",
      "text": "what that team has been calling like a feature flag. Flag, yeah. Yeah, settings .json, but it's not like exposed as an extension setting. Okay. But yeah, if you enable that, it should be working. And yeah. I don't know if it's been cut into a release. I don't know if that's all automated or not."
    }
  },
  {
    "question asked": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_04",
      "text": "It's not. Can you find out when it is? And then it would be good to get... I'd like to give it to Tim Zalman to test."
    },
    "answered": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_03",
      "text": "Yeah, let me get the inline completion working real quick. It's fine. Because it's probably better to test. But yeah, we'll do."
    }
  },
  {
    "question asked": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_06",
      "text": "would it be then better to... Would you need to upgrade to the latest version of the language server then before you can do that?"
    },
    "answered": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_03",
      "text": "Yeah, I mentioned that... That will... Okay, sorry, I missed that. That went out at the same time. Okay, okay."
    }
  },
  {
    "question asked": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_05",
      "text": "Should the goal be that we're removing Go references or references to that Golang LSP in our extensions?"
    },
    "answered": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_06",
      "text": "Yes, we have consensus. And based on this consensus, Kai has archived the project definitely after consensus was reached. So all is good."
    }
  },
  {
    "question asked": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_06",
      "text": "Anything people wanted to bring up or discuss?"
    },
    "answered": {
      "speaker": "SPEAKER_01",
      "text": "No, nothing new. Hopefully we'll have a release tomorrow with telemetry enabled."
    }
  }
]